com/frostnerd/dnschanger/activities/InvalidDNSDialogActivity.java
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.InvalidDNSDialogActivity
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.InvalidDNSDialogActivity$1
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.InvalidDNSDialogActivity$2
com/frostnerd/dnschanger/tasker/FireReceiver.java
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.tasker.FireReceiver
com/frostnerd/dnschanger/database/entities/DNSTLSConfiguration.java
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.database.entities.DNSTLSConfiguration
com/frostnerd/dnschanger/database/entities/DNSRule.java
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.database.entities.DNSRule
com/frostnerd/dnschanger/fragments/DnsQueryFragment.java
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.fragments.DnsQueryFragment
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.fragments.DnsQueryFragment$1
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.fragments.DnsQueryFragment$2
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.fragments.DnsQueryFragment$3
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.fragments.DnsQueryFragment$3$1
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.fragments.DnsQueryFragment$3$2
com/frostnerd/dnschanger/LogFactory.java
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.LogFactory
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.LogFactory$1
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.LogFactory$Tag
com/frostnerd/dnschanger/dialogs/DNSCreationDialog.java
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.dialogs.DNSCreationDialog
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.dialogs.DNSCreationDialog$1
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.dialogs.DNSCreationDialog$2
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.dialogs.DNSCreationDialog$3
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.dialogs.DNSCreationDialog$4
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.dialogs.DNSCreationDialog$4$1
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.dialogs.DNSCreationDialog$4$2
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.dialogs.DNSCreationDialog$5
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.dialogs.DNSCreationDialog$6
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.dialogs.DNSCreationDialog$7
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.dialogs.DNSCreationDialog$Mode
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.dialogs.DNSCreationDialog$OnCreationFinishedListener
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.dialogs.DNSCreationDialog$OnEditingFinishedListener
com/frostnerd/dnschanger/tasker/Helper.java
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.tasker.Helper
com/frostnerd/dnschanger/util/RuleImport.java
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.util.RuleImport
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.util.RuleImport$1
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.util.RuleImport$FileType
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.util.RuleImport$FileType$1
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.util.RuleImport$FileType$2
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.util.RuleImport$FileType$3
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.util.RuleImport$FileType$4
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.util.RuleImport$ImportStartedListener
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.util.RuleImport$ImportableFile
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.util.RuleImport$LineParser
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.util.RuleImport$TemporaryDNSRule
com/frostnerd/dnschanger/util/DNSQueryUtil.java
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.util.DNSQueryUtil
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.util.DNSQueryUtil$1
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.util.DNSQueryUtil$2
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.util.DNSQueryUtil$3
com/frostnerd/dnschanger/activities/AdvancedSettingsActivity.java
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.AdvancedSettingsActivity
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.AdvancedSettingsActivity$1
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.AdvancedSettingsActivity$10
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.AdvancedSettingsActivity$10$1
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.AdvancedSettingsActivity$10$1$1
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.AdvancedSettingsActivity$11
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.AdvancedSettingsActivity$12
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.AdvancedSettingsActivity$13
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.AdvancedSettingsActivity$14
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.AdvancedSettingsActivity$15
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.AdvancedSettingsActivity$16
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.AdvancedSettingsActivity$16$1
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.AdvancedSettingsActivity$2
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.AdvancedSettingsActivity$3
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.AdvancedSettingsActivity$4
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.AdvancedSettingsActivity$5
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.AdvancedSettingsActivity$6
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.AdvancedSettingsActivity$7
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.AdvancedSettingsActivity$8
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.AdvancedSettingsActivity$9
com/frostnerd/dnschanger/activities/BackgroundDNSListActivity.java
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.BackgroundDNSListActivity
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.BackgroundDNSListActivity$1
com/frostnerd/dnschanger/database/serializers/IPPortSerializer.java
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.database.serializers.IPPortSerializer
com/frostnerd/dnschanger/database/accessors/QueryLogger.java
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.database.accessors.QueryLogger
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.database.accessors.QueryLogger$WaitingQuery
com/frostnerd/dnschanger/tasker/ConfigureActivity.java
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.tasker.ConfigureActivity
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.tasker.ConfigureActivity$1
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.tasker.ConfigureActivity$2
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.tasker.ConfigureActivity$3
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.tasker.ConfigureActivity$4
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.tasker.ConfigureActivity$5
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.tasker.ConfigureActivity$6
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.tasker.ConfigureActivity$7
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.tasker.ConfigureActivity$8
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.tasker.ConfigureActivity$9
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.tasker.ConfigureActivity$Action
com/frostnerd/dnschanger/util/DataSavingSentryEventProcessor.java
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.util.DataSavingSentryEventProcessor
com/frostnerd/dnschanger/util/PreferencesAccessor.java
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.util.PreferencesAccessor
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.util.PreferencesAccessor$1
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.util.PreferencesAccessor$PinProtectable
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.util.PreferencesAccessor$Type
com/frostnerd/dnschanger/database/entities/DNSQuery.java
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.database.entities.DNSQuery
com/frostnerd/dnschanger/adapters/QueryLogAdapter.java
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.adapters.QueryLogAdapter
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.adapters.QueryLogAdapter$1
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.adapters.QueryLogAdapter$2
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.adapters.QueryLogAdapter$2$1
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.adapters.QueryLogAdapter$ArgumentBasedFilter
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.adapters.QueryLogAdapter$ArgumentBasedFilter$1
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.adapters.QueryLogAdapter$ViewHolder
com/frostnerd/dnschanger/fragments/QueryLogFragment.java
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.fragments.QueryLogFragment
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.fragments.QueryLogFragment$1
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.fragments.QueryLogFragment$1$1
com/frostnerd/dnschanger/DNSChanger.java
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.DNSChanger
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.DNSChanger$1
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.DNSChanger$2
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.DNSChanger$2$1
com/frostnerd/dnschanger/util/dnsproxy/DummyProxy.java
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.util.dnsproxy.DummyProxy
com/frostnerd/dnschanger/fragments/RulesFragment.java
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.fragments.RulesFragment
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.fragments.RulesFragment$1
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.fragments.RulesFragment$2
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.fragments.RulesFragment$3
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.fragments.RulesFragment$4
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.fragments.RulesFragment$5
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.fragments.RulesFragment$5$1
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.fragments.RulesFragment$6
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.fragments.RulesFragment$7
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.fragments.RulesFragment$8
com/frostnerd/dnschanger/fragments/SettingsFragment.java
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.fragments.SettingsFragment
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.fragments.SettingsFragment$1
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.fragments.SettingsFragment$1$1
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.fragments.SettingsFragment$1$2
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.fragments.SettingsFragment$10
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.fragments.SettingsFragment$11
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.fragments.SettingsFragment$12
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.fragments.SettingsFragment$12$1
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.fragments.SettingsFragment$13
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.fragments.SettingsFragment$14
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.fragments.SettingsFragment$15
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.fragments.SettingsFragment$16
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.fragments.SettingsFragment$17
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.fragments.SettingsFragment$18
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.fragments.SettingsFragment$19
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.fragments.SettingsFragment$2
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.fragments.SettingsFragment$2$1
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.fragments.SettingsFragment$2$2
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.fragments.SettingsFragment$3
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.fragments.SettingsFragment$4
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.fragments.SettingsFragment$5
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.fragments.SettingsFragment$6
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.fragments.SettingsFragment$6$1
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.fragments.SettingsFragment$6$2
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.fragments.SettingsFragment$7
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.fragments.SettingsFragment$8
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.fragments.SettingsFragment$8$1
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.fragments.SettingsFragment$9
com/frostnerd/dnschanger/activities/PinActivity.java
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.PinActivity
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.PinActivity$1
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.PinActivity$2
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.PinActivity$3
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.PinActivity$3$1
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.PinActivity$4
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.PinActivity$5
com/frostnerd/dnschanger/config/bean/DNSProperties.java
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.config.bean.DNSProperties
com/frostnerd/dnschanger/util/dnsquery/Resolver.java
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.util.dnsquery.Resolver
com/frostnerd/dnschanger/fragments/MainFragment.java
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.fragments.MainFragment
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.fragments.MainFragment$1
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.fragments.MainFragment$2
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.fragments.MainFragment$2$1
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.fragments.MainFragment$2$1$1
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.fragments.MainFragment$3
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.fragments.MainFragment$4
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.fragments.MainFragment$5
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.fragments.MainFragment$6
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.fragments.MainFragment$7
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.fragments.MainFragment$8
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.fragments.MainFragment$8$1
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.fragments.MainFragment$8$2
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.fragments.MainFragment$8$2$1
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.fragments.MainFragment$9
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.fragments.MainFragment$DNSReachabilityCallback
com/frostnerd/dnschanger/database/entities/Shortcut.java
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.database.entities.Shortcut
com/frostnerd/dnschanger/dialogs/RuleImportChooserDialog.java
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.dialogs.RuleImportChooserDialog
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.dialogs.RuleImportChooserDialog$1
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.dialogs.RuleImportChooserDialog$2
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.dialogs.RuleImportChooserDialog$3
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.dialogs.RuleImportChooserDialog$4
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.dialogs.RuleImportChooserDialog$5
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.dialogs.RuleImportChooserDialog$6
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.dialogs.RuleImportChooserDialog$7
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.dialogs.RuleImportChooserDialog$8
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.dialogs.RuleImportChooserDialog$8$1
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.dialogs.RuleImportChooserDialog$8$2
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.dialogs.RuleImportChooserDialog$8$3
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.dialogs.RuleImportChooserDialog$8$3$1
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.dialogs.RuleImportChooserDialog$8$4
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.dialogs.RuleImportChooserDialog$8$5
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.dialogs.RuleImportChooserDialog$8$6
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.dialogs.RuleImportChooserDialog$8$7
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.dialogs.RuleImportChooserDialog$9
com/frostnerd/dnschanger/receivers/AdminReceiver.java
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.receivers.AdminReceiver
com/frostnerd/dnschanger/database/entities/IPPortPair.java
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.database.entities.IPPortPair
com/frostnerd/dnschanger/activities/automation/ToggleDnsActivity.java
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.automation.ToggleDnsActivity
com/frostnerd/dnschanger/adapters/RuleAdapter.java
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.adapters.RuleAdapter
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.adapters.RuleAdapter$1
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.adapters.RuleAdapter$2
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.adapters.RuleAdapter$2$1
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.adapters.RuleAdapter$3
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.adapters.RuleAdapter$ArgumentBasedFilter
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.adapters.RuleAdapter$ArgumentBasedFilter$1
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.adapters.RuleAdapter$ArgumentBasedFilter$2
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.adapters.RuleAdapter$ArgumentLessFilter
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.adapters.RuleAdapter$ArgumentLessFilter$1
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.adapters.RuleAdapter$ArgumentLessFilter$2
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.adapters.RuleAdapter$ArgumentLessFilter$3
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.adapters.RuleAdapter$ArgumentLessFilter$4
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.adapters.RuleAdapter$ArgumentLessFilter$5
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.adapters.RuleAdapter$ViewHolder
com/frostnerd/dnschanger/receivers/UpdateReceiver.java
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.receivers.UpdateReceiver
com/frostnerd/dnschanger/dialogs/DNSEntryListDialog.java
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.dialogs.DNSEntryListDialog
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.dialogs.DNSEntryListDialog$1
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.dialogs.DNSEntryListDialog$2
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.dialogs.DNSEntryListDialog$3
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.dialogs.DNSEntryListDialog$3$1
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.dialogs.DNSEntryListDialog$3$1$1
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.dialogs.DNSEntryListDialog$3$1$2
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.dialogs.DNSEntryListDialog$3$2
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.dialogs.DNSEntryListDialog$4
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.dialogs.DNSEntryListDialog$5
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.dialogs.DNSEntryListDialog$OnProviderSelectedListener
com/frostnerd/dnschanger/dialogs/ExportSettingsDialog.java
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.dialogs.ExportSettingsDialog
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.dialogs.ExportSettingsDialog$1
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.dialogs.ExportSettingsDialog$2
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.dialogs.ExportSettingsDialog$3
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.dialogs.ExportSettingsDialog$4
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.dialogs.ExportSettingsDialog$4$1
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.dialogs.ExportSettingsDialog$4$2
com/frostnerd/dnschanger/receivers/BootReceiver.java
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.receivers.BootReceiver
com/frostnerd/dnschanger/threading/VPNRunnable.java
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.threading.VPNRunnable
com/frostnerd/dnschanger/util/Preferences.java
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.util.Preferences
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.util.Preferences$1
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.util.Preferences$2
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.util.Preferences$3
com/frostnerd/dnschanger/activities/ShortcutActivity.java
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.ShortcutActivity
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.ShortcutActivity$1
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.ShortcutActivity$2
com/frostnerd/dnschanger/fragments/CurrentNetworksFragment.java
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.fragments.CurrentNetworksFragment
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.fragments.CurrentNetworksFragment$1
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.fragments.CurrentNetworksFragment$1$1
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.fragments.CurrentNetworksFragment$1$1$1
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.fragments.CurrentNetworksFragment$1$1$2
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.fragments.CurrentNetworksFragment$1$1$3
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.fragments.CurrentNetworksFragment$1$1$4
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.fragments.CurrentNetworksFragment$DNSProperties
com/frostnerd/dnschanger/util/VPNServiceArgument.java
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.util.VPNServiceArgument
com/frostnerd/dnschanger/database/DatabaseHelper.java
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.database.DatabaseHelper
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.database.DatabaseHelper$1
com/frostnerd/dnschanger/activities/automation/PauseDnsActivity.java
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.automation.PauseDnsActivity
com/frostnerd/dnschanger/dialogs/NewRuleDialog.java
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.dialogs.NewRuleDialog
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.dialogs.NewRuleDialog$1
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.dialogs.NewRuleDialog$2
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.dialogs.NewRuleDialog$3
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.dialogs.NewRuleDialog$4
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.dialogs.NewRuleDialog$4$1
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.dialogs.NewRuleDialog$4$2
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.dialogs.NewRuleDialog$5
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.dialogs.NewRuleDialog$6
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.dialogs.NewRuleDialog$7
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.dialogs.NewRuleDialog$CreationListener
com/frostnerd/dnschanger/activities/BackgroundVpnConfigureActivity.java
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.BackgroundVpnConfigureActivity
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.BackgroundVpnConfigureActivity$1
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.BackgroundVpnConfigureActivity$2
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.BackgroundVpnConfigureActivity$3
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.BackgroundVpnConfigureActivity$4
com/frostnerd/dnschanger/adapters/DNSEntryAdapter.java
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.adapters.DNSEntryAdapter
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.adapters.DNSEntryAdapter$1
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.adapters.DNSEntryAdapter$2
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.adapters.DNSEntryAdapter$3
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.adapters.DNSEntryAdapter$OnEntrySelected
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.adapters.DNSEntryAdapter$OnEntrySelectionUpdated
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.adapters.DNSEntryAdapter$ViewHolder
com/frostnerd/dnschanger/activities/automation/StartDnsActivity.java
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.automation.StartDnsActivity
com/frostnerd/dnschanger/database/entities/DNSEntry.java
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.database.entities.DNSEntry
com/frostnerd/dnschanger/services/DataService.java
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.services.DataService
com/frostnerd/dnschanger/util/dnsproxy/DNSProxy.java
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.util.dnsproxy.DNSProxy
com/frostnerd/dnschanger/activities/MainActivity.java
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.MainActivity
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.MainActivity$1
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.MainActivity$1$1
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.MainActivity$10
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.MainActivity$11
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.MainActivity$12
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.MainActivity$13
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.MainActivity$14
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.MainActivity$15
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.MainActivity$16
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.MainActivity$17
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.MainActivity$18
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.MainActivity$18$1
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.MainActivity$19
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.MainActivity$19$1
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.MainActivity$2
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.MainActivity$20
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.MainActivity$20$1
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.MainActivity$20$2
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.MainActivity$20$3
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.MainActivity$21
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.MainActivity$22
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.MainActivity$23
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.MainActivity$23$1
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.MainActivity$23$2
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.MainActivity$24
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.MainActivity$25
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.MainActivity$26
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.MainActivity$27
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.MainActivity$28
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.MainActivity$29
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.MainActivity$3
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.MainActivity$30
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.MainActivity$31
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.MainActivity$32
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.MainActivity$32$1
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.MainActivity$32$2
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.MainActivity$32$3
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.MainActivity$32$4
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.MainActivity$32$5
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.MainActivity$33
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.MainActivity$33$1
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.MainActivity$34
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.MainActivity$35
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.MainActivity$36
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.MainActivity$37
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.MainActivity$38
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.MainActivity$38$1
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.MainActivity$38$2
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.MainActivity$38$2$1
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.MainActivity$39
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.MainActivity$4
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.MainActivity$5
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.MainActivity$6
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.MainActivity$7
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.MainActivity$8
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.MainActivity$9
com/frostnerd/dnschanger/tiles/TileStartStop.java
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.tiles.TileStartStop
com/frostnerd/dnschanger/database/accessors/DNSResolver.java
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.database.accessors.DNSResolver
com/frostnerd/dnschanger/activities/AppSelectionActivity.java
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.AppSelectionActivity
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.AppSelectionActivity$1
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.AppSelectionActivity$1$1
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.AppSelectionActivity$2
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.AppSelectionActivity$3
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.AppSelectionActivity$4
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.AppSelectionActivity$4$1
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.AppSelectionActivity$AppEntry
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.AppSelectionActivity$AppListAdapter
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.AppSelectionActivity$AppListAdapter$1
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.AppSelectionActivity$AppListAdapter$2
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.AppSelectionActivity$AppListAdapter$3
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.AppSelectionActivity$AppListAdapter$4
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.AppSelectionActivity$ViewHolder
com/frostnerd/dnschanger/services/ConnectivityCheckRestartService.java
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.services.ConnectivityCheckRestartService
com/frostnerd/dnschanger/util/dnsproxy/DNSUDPProxy.java
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.util.dnsproxy.DNSUDPProxy
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.util.dnsproxy.DNSUDPProxy$1
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.util.dnsproxy.DNSUDPProxy$PacketWrap
com/frostnerd/dnschanger/activities/automation/StopDnsActivity.java
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.automation.StopDnsActivity
com/frostnerd/dnschanger/util/GenericFileProvider.java
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.util.GenericFileProvider
com/frostnerd/dnschanger/config/DnsBootConfig.java
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.config.DnsBootConfig
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.config.DnsBootConfig$1
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.config.DnsBootConfig$2
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.config.DnsBootConfig$2$1
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.config.DnsBootConfig$Holder
com/frostnerd/dnschanger/tiles/TilePauseResume.java
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.tiles.TilePauseResume
com/frostnerd/dnschanger/util/ThemeHandler.java
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.util.ThemeHandler
com/frostnerd/dnschanger/adapters/QueryResultAdapter.java
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.adapters.QueryResultAdapter
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.adapters.QueryResultAdapter$1
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.adapters.QueryResultAdapter$ViewHolder
com/frostnerd/dnschanger/util/NetworkCheckHandle.java
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.util.NetworkCheckHandle
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.util.NetworkCheckHandle$1
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.util.NetworkCheckHandle$2
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.util.NetworkCheckHandle$ConnectionType
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.util.NetworkCheckHandle$ReallyWeiredExceptionOnlyAFewPeopleHave
com/frostnerd/dnschanger/database/entities/DNSRuleImport.java
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.database.entities.DNSRuleImport
com/frostnerd/dnschanger/activities/SettingsImportActivity.java
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.SettingsImportActivity
com/frostnerd/dnschanger/services/DNSVpnService.java
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.services.DNSVpnService
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.services.DNSVpnService$1
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.services.DNSVpnService$2
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.services.DNSVpnService$3
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.services.DNSVpnService$ServiceBinder
com/frostnerd/dnschanger/util/dnsquery/TCPDataSource.java
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.util.dnsquery.TCPDataSource
com/frostnerd/dnschanger/services/RuleImportService.java
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.services.RuleImportService
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.services.RuleImportService$1
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.services.RuleImportService$Configuration
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.services.RuleImportService$FileList
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.services.RuleImportService$FileList$1
com/frostnerd/dnschanger/BuildConfig.java
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.BuildConfig
com/frostnerd/dnschanger/util/dnsproxy/DNSTCPProxy.java
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.util.dnsproxy.DNSTCPProxy
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.util.dnsproxy.DNSTCPProxy$1
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.util.dnsproxy.DNSTCPProxy$PacketWrap
com/frostnerd/dnschanger/activities/ErrorDialogActivity.java
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.ErrorDialogActivity
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.ErrorDialogActivity$1
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.ErrorDialogActivity$2
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.ErrorDialogActivity$3
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.ErrorDialogActivity$4
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.ErrorDialogActivity$5
com/frostnerd/dnschanger/util/dnsquery/ResolverResult.java
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.util.dnsquery.ResolverResult
com/frostnerd/dnschanger/util/Util.java
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.util.Util
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.util.Util$ConnectivityCheckCallback
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.util.Util$DNSQueryResultListener
com/frostnerd/dnschanger/dialogs/VPNInfoDialog.java
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.dialogs.VPNInfoDialog
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.dialogs.VPNInfoDialog$1
com/frostnerd/dnschanger/activities/automation/ResumeDnsActivity.java
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.activities.automation.ResumeDnsActivity
com/frostnerd/dnschanger/services/ConnectivityBackgroundService.java
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.services.ConnectivityBackgroundService
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.services.ConnectivityBackgroundService$1
com/frostnerd/dnschanger/helper/DNSHelper.java
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.helper.DNSHelper
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.helper.DNSHelper$1
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.helper.DNSHelper$1$1
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.helper.DNSHelper$1$2
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.helper.DNSHelper$1$2$1
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.helper.DNSHelper$2
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.helper.DNSHelper$DNSReachabilityCallback
 com.frostnerd.dnschanger.helper.DNSHelper$Holder
